Reference
=============

Detailed, structured information about APIs, configurations, and technical details. Consult these resources when you need definitive answers about how the system behaves or how to integrate with it:

- :doc:`Code Quality Standards <docs/reference/code_quality>` - Understand our expectations for readability, style, and continuous improvement.
- :doc:`System Settings <docs/reference/system_settings>` - Review what each system setting does and where it is used.
- :doc:`Documentation Conventions <docs/reference/documentation>` - Learn how we structure docs, what tools we use, and how to contribute updates.
- :doc:`Linting Rules <docs/reference/linting>` - Review the automated checks that keep the codebase healthy and how to run them locally.
- :doc:`Testing Strategy <docs/reference/testing>` - Explore the testing layers we rely on and guidelines for writing reliable tests.
- :doc:`Versioning and Releases <docs/reference/versioning>` - See how we tag releases, manage dependencies, and maintain backward compatibility.
- :doc:`Module Reference <modules>` - Dive into the autogenerated API reference for Python modules within Learning Observer.
- :doc:`API Reference <api>` - Inspect the internal functionality of the system.

.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 1
   :titlesonly:

   docs/reference/code_quality.md
   docs/reference/system_settings.md
   docs/reference/documentation.md
   docs/reference/linting.md
   docs/reference/testing.md
   docs/reference/versioning.md
   modules
   api
